[Music]
hello
i'm jack
my name is anne
nice to meet you
it's a pleasure
so
this is the house
it's really beautiful yes it is
but it's very difficult to keep clean
sorry
not a good start
don't worry
your accent is very clear
where are you from
[Music]
i'm from oxford
wow
oxford
100 english
yes
and you're american
is that right
yes but my family is from italy
oh
italy is wonderful
my sister is in italy at the moment
where
she's in rome
studying italian painters
she's really happy
italians are so friendly
oh
that's alice
hi
she is also part of the family
oh
it's nice to meet you alice
so
this is jack
the new flatmate
yes
nice to meet you jack
i'm from sydney
in australia
and you
are
a capricorn
yes amazing
i come from america
i'm from new york
wow the big apple
yes
okay um
can i put my things in the bedroom
let me help you
hey this is nice
i'm glad you like it
it's a mexican hat
you look great
but look at this
a bottle of italian wine
do you like wine
cheers
[Music]
this wine is very good
yes it's really good
um
by the way
you are very lucky
look it's raining now
yes i am lucky
um that's my photo album there
the pictures of all my friends are here
oh that's interesting
show me
so this is mary
she's from ireland
her mother and father are greek
her parents are from greece
yes
they are greek
they're from athens
oh
and who's that
that's alice
no
that's not alice
yes it is
after a party
a halloween party
haha
that's funny
and
oh and who are they
that's sharon and peter
they live in the flat near here
they're good friends
she's very pretty
um
yes
[Music]
hello my name is jack
i'm a new flatmate it's nice to meet you
hello jack
i'm peter
nash and sharon
okay and this is sharon
it's a pleasure
how are you sharon
fine thanks
oh good you're friends
[Music]
and
you are a great cook
thank you jack
i have a form i need to fill in can you
help me
of course but what form
finally i have all the points and i can
get that marvelous set of chinese plates
oh congrats
all right let me see the questions
what's your
name are you joking
okay okay a-n-n-e
and what's your family name
my surname
yes
right baxter
b
a
x
t
e r
and what's your phone number
it's
oh four
five
four
seven
eight
six
two
oh
nine
seven
o
four five
four
seven eight
eight
two oh
nine
seven
no it's oh four five four seven eight
six
two oh nine seven
right
you have to remember
this is your telephone number two
you're right
are you married
no
i'm single
a pretty girl like you is still single
yes
for the moment
i'm single
next question please
where are you from
there are a lot of questions
it's for your chinese plates
okay
for the last time i'm from england from
oxford
a-x-f-o-r-d
no o x f o r d
just joking
it's okay
what's next
just two more questions
the address is
45 trinity lane flat c
what's the post code
ec14rn
[Music]
and what's your job
i'm an employee of a publishing company
oh you are just the right person for me
i have a great love story to write
[Music]
i always go shopping on saturdays
the first thing i do on saturday is to
drive to the supermarket
i sometimes go shopping on saturdays but
usually i sleep late
i'm always so tired on saturdays
i'm never tired at the weekend
the weekend is the time for fun
i paint go jogging
go out with some friends
unfortunately
i sometimes have to study
oh i sometimes do a little work at the
weekend
when i'm free i like going swimming
going to exhibitions or to concerts if i
have enough money
oh and every sunday i clean up the
entire flat
and in the evening i watch tv
oh
i never watch tv
it's so boring
peter and i like going to the cinema on
the weekend
yes it's important not to watch too much
tv an hour a day or so that's enough
come on guys
you talk like my grandfather
work
tv
housework on the weekends
life is more
i want you to take me to places where
young people have fun
great get ready grandpa
work is so hard guys
i wake up at 6 30 every day
have breakfast
and take the train to work
every day
i know
i get up at seven but i have a friend at
work who usually gets up at six
why
that's too early
takes him an hour to drive to work
wow that's a long drive
[Music]
yes but he lives in the country
i think he's lucky
every weekend he can go for walks in the
woods
not in traffic jams
i guess that's pretty nice
he lives in the countryside but works in
the city
pretty nice combination
and what about you sharon
what time do you wake up
i usually get up at about nine o'clock
but
i live in the city
it's easy to get to work
yeah but you get home very late often at
6 30 or 7.
you know
i sometimes have five or six groups of
tourists a day
you work too much my dear
and you sing too much peter
[Laughter]
alice i bet you don't wake up at six
o'clock every day
tell us something about your typical day
at university
well
i sometimes have classes in the morning
but i usually have classes in the
afternoon
on mondays i always attend lectures in
the morning
and where do you study
i usually study in the library but i
sometimes study at home too
when i don't have classes in the morning
my friend david also studies at your
university
do you remember him
david leary
yes
i occasionally see him in the library
and sometimes in the park
in the park
doing what
he likes studying there
he takes his books
finds a nice park bench
and reads there
not a bad idea
you can study and enjoy nature at the
same time
yes
i like the park too
unfortunately i often need books that
are in the library
and what about lunch
do you usually make sandwiches and take
them with you
oh no
i hate cooking
i usually have lunch in the cafeteria
with friends
oh
i do just the opposite
i usually cook lunch at home
i seldom have a quick lunch at coffee
shops
okay guys
stop with this boring talk what about
fun
do any of you do anything besides
working and studying
it's saturday remember
you're right jack
i'm so happy it's saturday
me too
it's weekend time
time for shopping
[Music]
hi sharon
have a seat
thanks ann
it's almost ready
what's for brunch
oh no pasta
you can't cook pasta i'm trying to lose
weight
relax dear
it's sunday
here
try some
what about salt
good
i guess i can eat it this time
the salt is
okay do you like cooking
why don't you cook lunch for us sometime
oh i love cooking
but it takes time and
i can't cook every day
well
cooking is not my favorite hobby
but i'm the only one who knows how to
cook in this flat
i can imagine
i really love baking cakes
um oh
that's true
i remember now and i love your cakes
thanks ann
but cooking isn't my only hobby
i love going to the cinema and reading
as well
i love being busy
so i don't have time to think too much
think about what
about what's missing in my life
but let's talk about something else
so
if you like movies
there's a good film at the cinema
tonight
how about going together
it's a good idea
let's ask jack too
[Music]
hey jack
good morning
look at this picture of beck nicholson
windsurfing
i know him
can you win surf
yeah
i'm not great but i can win surf a
little
i like windsurfing in the summer
holidays
and
what about you
no
i'm afraid i can't
but i can swim pretty well
it's a great sport
what sports do you like doing
well
i can play tennis but i'm not very good
at it
oh i can play chess very well
chess
that's not a sport
that's a hobby
no
it's a sport
can you play chess
no
i don't like playing cards chess or
other table games
so
what do you do during the winter
oh
i go to the gym
i can play basketball pretty well
[Applause]
i can also do a little karate
that's interesting
i can do a little karate as well
where do you go
i like going to the karate gym on 14th
street
oh interesting
i'm looking for a gym
why don't we go there together
i'm usually free on saturdays
sure
but i never go on saturday it's the only
day i have time to spend with sharon
i usually go on friday afternoons
but
now
i'm so nervous about my audition
that i don't have time for the gym
and for sharon
too she's getting pretty angry
well
if you want i can take her out sometime
oh jack
you're such a good friend
maybe you can help me with my audition
too
all right
[Music]
hi sharon how are you
hi jack
i'm fine thanks
and you
i'm fine too
why are you calling me
well
i'm alone
ann is out for a business meeting
yeah
me too
peter is not at home
oh peter is two
yes he's at an audition
he is at an audition
today
yes
well
why don't we have lunch together
when
at home
no
yeah
don't be doing anything too fussy jack
yes something simple
yes
so i'm going to your house right now
okay
great
hi jack what's up
oh you're here
um
i'm preparing for lunch
ann is out and sharon is coming
great i'm hungry
hi jack
hi
alice is here
yeah she's in her room
sorry about that
i would like to be alone with you but
you know
yeah i know
okay
sharon
i'm a cook
what would you like
why don't you cook some pasta
sounds good
what kind of pasta do you have
well
we have macaroni
spaghetti
let's have lasagna
um
that's too much work
shall we have spaghetti
great
excellent
spaghetti with meat sauce
great
and how about having some wine with
lunch
it's the middle of the day
i have to work later
let's just have
some mineral water
fine
mineral water is good
and what about a salad too
a nice green salad with tomatoes and
onions
your wish is my command
and about my wish
i want wine
well here's some red wine for you
thanks
and do we have any roles
no but there's a loaf of bread
great we're set
what's on tonight
just a moment
can you hand me the tv guide
oh here you are
what would you like to watch
let's watch a documentary
oh documentaries are so boring
why don't we watch la kids
please
more soap operas
i can't stand soap operas
how about watching the news
fine let's watch the news
and then maybe a film
right that's a good compromise
shall we make something to eat
what would you like
how about some sandwiches
tuna fish sandwiches
okay
why don't you go and prepare them all
for us
alright it's my turn now
why
what do you mean
we had lunch with sharon today and jack
was the cook
oh
what a piece of news
what would you like to drink
let's have a beer
great we've got some good lagar in the
fridge
tv
sandwiches and a beer
paradise
[Music]
hi alice
what are you doing
i'm just relaxing a bit
watching some tv
what's on
i'm watching the news
so what's happening in the world
the usual
politicians are trying to pretend they
know what they are doing
alice you are such a skeptic
that's the way i am
what's that
it's a book i'm reading
what's it about
it's a story about a woman a young woman
who can't stand her father
that sounds interesting
yeah it's not that bad
alice
what's wrong
do you want to talk about it
no
i'm so tired now
i'm going to bed
good night
what are you doing
i'm connecting to the internet because i
need to send an email
who are you sending an email to
to my boss in america
he needs the weekly report immediately
why
because he has a meeting with the
shareholders tomorrow morning
what's happening with the laptop
the internet connection isn't working
very well
sometimes it happens to my computer too
do you have a suggestion
usually peter lends me his computer
is peter at
home no
i think there's only sharon
okay i'm going anyway
[Music]
yes i am listening to you
yes i'm listening
who's she talking to
i don't know
i guess it's her father
just a moment
what do you want
nothing
it's four o'clock in the morning
is everything all right alice
it's none of your business
what excuse us
sorry to interrupt
listen
i know it's late i'm sorry
but i'm talking to my father
he's in boston now it's nine o'clock
there
what
what do you want
i'm not tired anymore
neither am i
what about
eating something
i don't know
i'm not really hungry
i'm going to the internet to chat with a
friend in italy
would you like to join me
now that i'm not sleeping anymore
would you like to see him
how
i have pictures of him on my computer
and you know what
he can see you too with the webcam
what
oh my gosh
no please
i'm horrible now
no you're not
and besides
he might be interested
why
do you think i need a boyfriend
[Music]
fine i'm looking forward to seeing you
bye bye
oh my god
okay guys
don't panic
what
we have to be strong and try to keep
calm
what are you talking about
she's coming
tomorrow morning
who for god's sake
who
aunt mary
the owner of the flat
so what
your auntie
what's so terrible about her
let me explain
imagine me in 50 years
you mean
you
old
with your manias
your cleaning obsessions
oh my god okay okay
don't panic
so
what do we have to do
let me see
what do you have scheduled for today
today is a busy day
i have to finish my painting
no way
painting means brushes
colors
dirt and mess everywhere
as for me
let's check my date book
date book i don't believe it
you mean you don't have a pda
please alice i have a program on my
laptop
i don't need a pda as well
i'm just surprised that's all
you are usually highly technological
that's not entirely true
i like to use paper and pen as well
okay
leave it guys let's go straight to the
point
what's on your schedule today
i'm meeting a client from four to five
and then i'm going to the mall
why are you going to the mall
i want to buy a new modem for my pc
a new modem
that's not exactly business
yes
well
there's something wrong with mine
okay
maybe it's not that important
i can go tomorrow morning
that's very kind of you jack
well let me see
i've got a list with all your duties
here
but
what is it
it's always with me
for
emergencies you know
like this one
jack
at your order general
you have to clean up the kitchen
you're washing the dishes cleaning the
oven and the fridge
the burners and the basin
oh
and finally you have to sweep and mop
the floor
i'm ready
oh and
obviously you have to clean your bedroom
too
sounds exciting
alice
you have to clean the living room
you have to throw all these magazines
out put all the cds in order clean up
the carpet and dust the furniture
do i have to mop the floor as well
of course
as for me i'm cleaning the bathroom and
all the windows
well i want you both in the living room
at half past six for a detailed report
okay
yes sir yes sir
[Music]
well done guys
i'm proud of you
neat and clean
rather stressful
i know but at last the flat is perfectly
clean
yes
but now it's us that needs to be cleaned
oh excuse me
hello
aunt mary
everything is ready for your arrival
i'm picking you up at the airport
tomorrow at
what
really
oh
i understand
what is shame
oh no no
not a problem at all
i hope you get well soon
right
bye bye
so
what
aunt mary isn't coming anymore
she's got cold
[Laughter]
hey guys i've got the part
but
what's happening here
nothing
special congratulations peter
[Music]
can you help me
have you got a moment peter
i've got a problem with my computer
oh
i don't know very much about computers
and
i'm going out
they're waiting for me at the theater
always busy eh
okay okay sharon take it easy
shall we have a look
thanks peter
you've got a big heart
let's see if i can help before you thank
me
all right
i can't use this program
i use it every day and today it isn't
opening
why don't you turn the computer off and
then turn it on again
okay peter
that's really a great idea
you are a genius
what would i do without you
i know my dear
what are you working on
i'm writing my curriculum
because i would like to find a new job
listen peter
i don't know how to write it can you
help me please
i'm sorry sharon
i'm in a hurry i have no time
i'm late
they're waiting for me
very kind as usual
listen
peter
ann alice and i are going to the cinema
this evening
would you like to come
i'd like to
but i can't
i have to
go to the theater
yes i know
you always have something else to do
come on sharon
what's the problem
maybe
you are jealous of my career
oh peter
i'm just tired of always coming second
hi anne
house welcome
yes
at last
can i ask you a question
sure
uh
how are you and peter
we're fine thanks
listen i want to go to that book shop do
you remember
oh yes
the one with lots of photography books
yeah
and thriller books
and
with the red coffee tables and flowers
on the windows
yeah
where you can sit down and find a
delicious hot chocolate
yes and that's the one
the london reader it's a great place
yes
how do i get there
is it far
you can walk from here
it's about 10 minutes away
great
okay
let's see
go out the front door and turn
left easy enough
go straight ahead
past the traffic light
right
straight ahead
past the traffic lights
turn right into june lane
june lane
follow june lane to the end of the
street and turn right on may avenue
just a moment
turn left on may avenue
no no no
turn right
onto may avenue
and the bookshop is
hi sharon
what are you girls talking about
i'm giving sharon directions for the
london reader
so
turn right
onto may avenue in the book shop is the
second shop on the left next to the
butcher
no anne
sharon the bookshop is on the right past
the museum
and between a chemist's
and a bank
no no jack
you are wrong
the bookshop is
okay okay guys be quiet don't worry i've
got my map
[Music]
sharon
i can come with you
if you don't mind
great that's very kind of you jack
jack
housework
do you remember
hey alice
what are you doing
do you mind giving us a hand with the
housework please
can't you see
i'm cleaning the computer
i see
why is the computer on
just a moment
i don't understand how to connect to the
internet on this computer
can you help me
okay
but just for one moment
thanks jack
okay
click on that icon
what's an icon
that symbol on the screen
do you mean this picture of a telephone
yes click on that
right
now what
enter your username and password
okay
and click on that button there
click on that button
and now you are connecting
to the internet
hey
that's easy
it's very easy alice
you're hopeless with computers
and with housework 2
come on alice
it's time to clean up this mess now
[Music]
jack
where were you yesterday evening
why
there was a great party at
mary's
really
i wasn't invited
i can't believe that
everyone was invited
i'm sure
i wasn't
anyway
i was busy yesterday
ah
did you have a meeting with some clients
no
i didn't
so
what
where were you
i was with robert at the red lion pub
that's
impossible
robert was at the party
oops
i always get them mixed up
i was with charles
charles was at the party too
come on
jack
who were you with
you're too curious alice
okay okay
i was with a girl
oh
and
what
well
what's her name do we know her
how old is she
stop alice stop it's none of your
business
okay okay
you don't want to tell us hmm
that's okay
i like a mystery
it makes life exciting
well
let's change the subject
peter
where were you yesterday evening
why weren't you at the party
i was at the theater
we're preparing a performance
and you sharon
where were you
me
um
i was at home
watching a film on tv
which one
um
the latest film starring nicole kidman
what's the name
yes
mulan rouge
really
that's strange
i
remember
here look
it's on tv today
really
oh
they always show the same stuff on tv
oh don't get up
i'll get the door
daily conversations
talk about your vacation
[Music]
there's a postcard for you alice
for me
oh
it's from my father
he was in the bahamas last week
really
i was in the bahamas last summer
just you
oops
sorry sharon
we were in the bahamas last summer
it was sunny and hot
the perfect weather for swimming and
relaxing
it was fantastic
fantastic yeah
fantastic
i'm sure it was
i prefer holidays in the winter
it's too hot in the summer
i'm like going to the mountains
and skiing
my last holiday was two years ago
two years ago
yes
it was a long time ago
i need another holiday soon
[Music]
anyway
was your father on holiday in the
bahamas alice
no
he wasn't
he's working on a new play there
roy clark oh
how fascinating must it be to be a
director
fame
money
and a lot of traveling around the world
[Applause]
and no time for family
just a few calls
postcards
and a lot of misunderstandings
why don't you call him now i don't think
that's a good idea
why
when was your last call
three weeks ago
that's a long time
come on alice
call him
i'm sure he'll be happy to hear from you
well
maybe you're right
okay
i'll call him
thanks jack
for your advice i mean
[Music]
yes
that's exactly what i told him
i sent him an email asking for more
information
no i didn't
i'm sorry i didn't have enough time
today
okay
i'll call him in 10 minutes
bye
hi jack
hi anne
so
did you have a good day
no
i didn't
it was a horrible day anne
i had a lot of work to do
first i met some clients in the city
we met at nine o'clock and finished at
two
after that
i checked the monthly loss and profit
accounts twice
and then i wrote some letters
i'm so tired
well
now
relax have a glass of wine
you're lucky
i'm cooking lasagna your favorite dish
no
thanks anne
i ate lasagna at lunch
oh but it's not a problem
i'll prepare something else
and
after dinner
we can watch
wimbledon on tv
there is a men's singles match
it should be exciting
i'm sorry anne i
i can't
i have some work to finish
and then i'm going to my karate gym
that's how i relax
hey jack
just a moment
didn't you notice anything
did you clean the kitchen
no i didn't
oh
did you receive your marvelous set of
chinese plates
no jack
nothing about the house
it's about me
oh
i see
you bought a new pair of shoes didn't
you
they're very nice
well
i have to go now it's late
it doesn't matter
go
bye
such a waste of time
[Music]
hey anne
thanks a lot for the tip on the
bookshop oh my god anne
what's happening here
makeup
let me see
a new hairstyle
a new dress
you look great
at last
somebody noticed my change
it's impossible not to notice
thanks
well
what were you talking about
oh
i wanted to thank you for the tip on the
bookshop
it's a great shop
great
i'm glad you liked it
i love sitting and drinking a cup of
coffee and looking at books
yes that's exactly what i did
i sat down ordered a cup of coffee and
red
and i found all the books i wanted
what books did you buy
i bought a biography about virginia
woolf
and a book about
archaeology
and you
what are you doing
i'm trying not to think about all my
problems
so
i'm looking at some pictures
can i see them
sure
they're pictures of us
oh look
look at this one
we're in edinburgh
we went on a trip
do you remember
yes i do
how funny alice was in that scottish hat
did we go by car
oh
no
we didn't
we went by train
[Music]
and at the very last moment
peter didn't come because of the
audition
yes
as usual
and
who is this
i don't know him
oh
that's frank a friend of mine
i met him on holiday in norway
we had a good time together
[Music]
and
afterward he went his way and i went my
way
yeah that's life
did you have an affair with him
no no i didn't
nothing like that
we were only good friends
do you keep in touch
no
we don't
he wrote me a letter five years ago
he sent me an invitation to his
wedding did you go
no
i didn't
well unfortunately
i had a lot of work
and i couldn't get
away hey
but this is jack
how smart he looks in this picture
yes he does
do you mind anne
if i keep this picture with me
i
i do mind
no way
i'm sorry sharon but no
why not
what do you care about it
and you
hey girls
what's happening here
nothing at all
talk about peter's performance
how does the scarf suit me anne
oh very well
you look fine
really
i'm not sure
look maybe this one looks better
don't panic peter
everything is going to be all right
tonight
i don't know
actually i have a sore throat
i'll sing badly tonight i'm sure
come on peter
you will sing very well
you are a professional singer
don't forget it
well
i'm going to have some tea
would you like some thank you anne
i would really like a cup of tea
if it's not too much trouble
no not at all
i'll just add some water to the pot
a cup of tea and my chocolate cake will
keep your mind off the musical
for five minutes at least
shall i give you a hand
uh yes thanks
here is the cake
oops
oh
peter
okay
listen i know you are nervous
but try to be careful
please
i'm sorry anne
how
do you think the musical will go
i think it will go very well
greece is considered a classic musical
it's successful
entertaining
there will be loads of people clapping
[Applause]
do you really think so
sure i do
hey peter
what time does the show start
at nine o'clock
how are we going to get to the theater
i'm going to drive
i don't think that's a very good idea
why not
because parking there is almost
impossible
okay we'll take the tube
that's a much better idea
when shall we leave
around 8 30
no that's too late
okay
we'll leave earlier
oh
i'm so sorry anne
peter you're hopeless
okay okay listen
i think you need to relax a bit
why don't you go and take a nap i can't
sleep i'm too nervous
okay
why don't you rehearse your part again
i can't
i can't remember anything
okay okay
go wherever you want
just please
leave me alone please
hi anne hi peter
i'm starving
is there anything to eat
how can you think about the food
at a time like this
why what's the matter
what's the matter the performance is
tonight
come on peter don't panic
everything is going to be all right
tonight
don't
worry
why does everyone tell me the same
stupid things
because it's the truth
look peter
take this lucky charm
i bought it in portobello market this
morning
i'll give it to you as a lucky mascot
remember you have to kiss it three times
and then keep it in the right pocket of
your jacket
why just the right pocket
well
i don't know
the woman who gave it to me said this is
what you have to do
anyway
i'm sure it will bring you luck
[Music]
i'm not so sure
why not
shall we bet on it
all right
sounds like fun how much
oh let's make it interesting
if it brings you luck you'll take me to
dinner at bluebird
bluebird
are you crazy
that's london's most expensive
restaurant
i know i know
but the musical is important to you
peter
isn't it
all right alice
what will you do if it doesn't bring me
luck
well
i will cook dinner for a month
but you can't cook
peter
that's why i said it
this way
i'm sure you will make it bring you luck
[Music]
well guys
why don't we go to the cinema tonight
that's a great idea
what's on
well
there's this new film with
schwarzenegger
that should be good
you're joking right
no i'm not
what would you suggest
how about going to the disco
the disco
are you crazy alice
that's not even music
that's simply noise
come on peter
it's saturday night we have to do
something special
something exciting
and going dancing is surely more
exciting than going to the cinema
i agree with alice
let's go dancing
what about a third choice
i guess ann is right
why don't we try to find a good
compromise
come on guys
how boring and old-fashioned are you
and you
are more frivolous than i am alice
come on guys
don't argue now please
let's vote on it
well
alice and i want to go dancing
[Music]
peter and ann don't
how about you sharon
i don't know
well
the disco is probably more entertaining
than the cinema
great
okay guys
three against two
let's go dancing
[Music]
here's my party hat
how do you like it
you look great
i envy you
the hat really suits you
well
i envy your room anne
but with all this traffic how do you
sleep
oh i'm used to it
which disco are we going to
paradise
it's a new disco on kings road
it's very nice did tom and you go there
together
[Music]
yes we went last saturday
we spent a nice night together
maybe i asked the wrong question
you don't like tom do you
he's boring
very boring
besides
he's an aries
and he talks too much
last night for example
he showed me all the pictures of his
holiday in the alps
he talked for an hour about the
mountains
but i hate the mountains
why do you say that
the mountains are beautiful and
spectacular
i prefer the beach
it's more relaxing and entertaining
oh i don't know
i think the beach is more boring than in
the mountains
why do you say that
well think about it
lying on the beach every day
it's much more interesting to be walking
in the countryside
yes
but it's usually colder in the mountains
i think the beach is also more romantic
girls stop talking nonsense
how do i look
you look very pretty alice
thanks sharon but you look better than
me
no
how can you say that
you are much more tanned than i am
yes but you are in better shape
and me
how do i look
you are very pretty too anne
i'm sure i'm not nearly as beautiful as
you
come on guys
stop making stupid comparisons
let's just say that we are all different
hey girls
okay are you ready
i need your advice
which shirt is better according to you
the red one
it's much better than the blue one for a
disco night
and you sharon
what do you think
well i think the red one is funnier
while the blue one is more professional
i prefer the blue one
so girls which
shirt should i put on
i told you the red one
with that one on you'll look more macho
yes
macho that's the right word
really
macho
i like it
okay i'll put on the red shirt
do you agree with alice sharon
about being macho i mean
come on jack it's late
the disco is waiting for us
talk about the best soccer team
[Music]
hey peter
did you see the match yesterday evening
which match
ajax versus juventus
those teams are boring
excuse me excuse me
ajax is the best football club in the
world
i'm afraid i don't
have a clue
i know that only music matters
anyway
in your opinion
which is the best team
i don't know
i heard arsenal is the best of all time
they've got the most aggressive players
the most important coach the toughest
goalkeeper
peter peter
you are so
mistaken
okay
what's so great about ajax
first of all
their defense is superb
it's much more intelligent than
arsenals
no
but you promised me
richard it's richard
you're always busy
no
i don't want to go anymore
anyway
thanks daddy
thanks for your present
you are the worst father in the world
don't worry i'm gonna have a great party
all the same
yes with my friends
they do love me
bye
[Music]
is everything okay alice
no
nothing is okay
my father keeps on
being the same
come on alice don't cry
please
tell us what happened
well
you know
i told you
my father decided
to give me a trip for my birthday
well
he promised to come with me
and just now he told me that he can't
anymore
because he has some important work to do
as usual
don't be angry with him
even if he has something important to do
you can leave for your trip anyway
no
i don't want to go anymore
well
don't worry alice
we are going to give a big party for you
isn't that true guy
absolutely
of course
you are the most brilliant
the smartest and the funniest roommate
we've ever had
even if sometimes
you are a bit lazy
you need a special party
thanks a lot
you are the best friends in the world
[Music]
the musical was great wasn't it
yes it was
peter was excellent
well
now let's think about the party
it's time for fun
uh
by the way
who is coming to the party tomorrow
well
david will be here
mary
paul
and tom will be here as well
everyone will be here
i wonder if jack will be here
jack
why
he's leaving on a business trip tomorrow
morning
he doesn't know exactly when he'll be
back
hey girls
what are you talking about
anne was telling me
that you won't be coming to the party
this evening
it isn't true is it
yes it is
i'm afraid i can't
business before pleasure
you never will change will you
excuse
me hello
oh hi
i don't really have a choice
listen jack
i was wondering if you really have to go
away on business
or if you're not coming to peter's
parties
for some other reason
no sharon
i
i do have a business engagement
anyway
since you asked i'll tell you
there's more
i'm
jealous of peter
oh
come on jack
you only care about business
sure that's what they all say
but you know i i'm interested in you
and
sharon
are you
are you really interested in me
um
ann
who were you talking to on the telephone
mary
she wanted to know what time the party
is going to start
i think it'll start
at about nine o'clock
won't it
well girls
i have to go finish my presentation
see you later bye
back to work
you'll never quit will you
what a shame that jack isn't coming
he's a very interesting person
i wonder if you are falling in love with
him
come on
you can tell me
okay
but don't tell anyone
uh-huh
yes
he's quite handsome
do you think he likes me sharon
what a question
it's none of my business
don't be so difficult sharon
i was just asking confidently
your
opinion you are my friend sharon
i'm sorry anne
i didn't mean to hurt your feelings
i'm just a bit nervous these days
why
because of peter
we're having some problems
i'm sorry anne but i don't want to talk
about that
i've got to go
see you later bye bye
oh jack
you're always so messy
you leave your things everywhere
but
what's this
in the pocket
huh what
it's jack and sharon
and he's kissing her
oh my god
now i understand everything
[Music]
it's a shame jack isn't here isn't it
yes
it's just not the same without him is it
well
business is business you know
well and
i wonder what wonderful food you cooked
for us this evening
and
hello
are you there
oh
sorry peter i was miles away
what did you say
what did you cook for us
oh
your favorite
fish and chips
oh
what would i do without you
hey what about me
i brought the beer
yes we are glad you did cheers
cheers cheers
cheers to peter's success
well guys
this is the right time for an important
announcement
last night
there was a famous director at the
theater
we met after the show and he told me
he was preparing a musical to be
performed all over japan
so he wants to see me for an audition
next week
cheers
you'll be famous soon peter
surprise
jack
well well well
not so dedicated to your work are you
peter
get me up here
now you're talking
hi anne
is everything okay
yes
no
jack everything is fine
it was just really a surprise for me
[Music]
daily conversations
talk about the countryside and the city
[Music]
hi sharon what's up
hi jack
i'm okay
don't worry everything is just fine
really
i don't think so
come on
tell me what's happening
some problems with peter
no
well
yes
but i don't think you are the right
person to talk with
maybe you're right
but i can't stand seeing you so sad
and this what does this mean
don't worry i'm not leaving forever
my colleague lucy invited me to spend
the weekend at her house
she is a cottage in the countryside near
brighton
we're leaving in the evening right after
work
the countryside is so lovely there
i hope so
i need a break
living with peter is getting hard
he is so nervous about his concert
he can only think and talk about that
he seems miles away
and as for his music
he's
excessive
he goes on
singing all day long
he doesn't speak with me anymore
he sings with me
sharon
can you pass me the salt please
[Laughter]
i like it when you smile
i think a weekend in the countryside is
exactly what you need
i
didn't know you liked the country so
much
are you joking
i love the countryside
it's so quiet and
relaxing a lot of people think it's
boring
well
they don't know what they are missing
what jack
are you using cliches now
like
the countryside is safe and the city is
dangerous
or the country is clean and the city is
dirty
and don't forget the country is cheap
too
there's that too
the city is very expensive
just think how much the rent is for this
apartment
don't remind me
i have to pay mine tomorrow morning
well jack
it was good talking with you
you make me laugh
sometimes
i think about us
and how we were together once
we were
we are a wonderful couple
don't forget it
all right
[Music]
oh
hi jack
do you have a moment
i always have time for you anne
can i ask you a question
sure how can i help you
well
i need your advice
i want to buy a new car
ah you should buy a fast expensive
sports car
come on i can't afford a sports car
my car's old it's too big and it's
difficult to drive
very good reasons to buy a new car
yes
i like to buy a small stylish car that's
not too expensive
hmm a small stylish car that's not too
expensive
and for young people
of course you shouldn't buy a car for
old people
so what car should i buy
i don't understand anything about cars
well
what about buying a ferrari
are you joking
just kidding
let me think
oh
can i have a look
how about this car
it's nice
isn't it expensive
all cars are expensive these days
by the way did you hear about sharon
yes i met peter in the afternoon
he told me they quarreled
but i don't think we should worry about
it do you
maybe we should
what do you think of sharon anne
she's very pretty
yes
she is
what about me jack
do you think
i'm good looking
come on anne you are very attractive
do you really think so
yes anne
you are always on my mind
[Music]
what are you doing anne
my boss asked me to book two rooms for
two of our most demanding clients
they would like a quiet hotel near our
publishing house
and of course with this
creature comforts
so i'm making a few telephone calls
and
listen to this song for a moment
it's ray charles last recording
it's fantastic
i've got a lot to do sharon
just for one minute anne come on
i'm afraid i can't now
why don't you go over to alice's
she's having a shower you know
when alice gets in the bathroom she
takes at least two hours
well
do whatever you want
just please get out of this room
dan what's the matter today
why are you treating me so badly
that's enough sharon
i know everything about it
everything about what
that you've got a lover
a lover
are you going crazy anne
oh don't try and pretend with me sharon
and i call you a friend
but it's the truth
and who is my romantic lover by the way
you know i'm talking about jack
jack
what are you talking about
the photograph
the one that you and jack are kissing
it's not what you think anne
so then you tell me
you know a picture says more than a
thousand words
that photo is from three years ago
we were engaged
oh what
you and jack were engaged
i know i know
i wanted to avoid stupid gossip
and also because of peter
so now you're telling me
well
i can't believe it
i know
i didn't want to hurt your feelings
see
now you are angry with me that's why
well you're right sharon
i am mad at you
and now i look like a fool
i'm sorry anne
really oh my hair
what's going on
it's alice
oh my god
come on let's go see what's happening
what's happening
alice why are you screaming
my hair
look
it's
it looks your hair is
green
i know
but how
okay
imagine this
i'm washing my
hair while
coloring my hair actually
i want to change my look
my mobile rings
it's tom
he's telling me all about this great
party yesterday evening
i'm listening to his story and i don't
realize that time flies
more than an hour
[Music]
it's always the same old story alice
anyway
green suits you
it looks
it looks very original very unique
just like you
well
alice
don't be offended but
you look like a frog
thanks and that's the nicest compliment
what shall i do
well why don't you call a hairdresser
and make an appointment
and
in the future
try to avoid changing your look
[Music]
thanks for watching
don't forget to like share
comment on my video
please subscribe to learn english with
jessica channel to watch more helpful
videos
goodbye
you